Fix #208 (#209)
yiisoft/html: CHANGELOG.md

## 3.5.1 under development

> - Bug #209: Fix output of `null` value attributes in `Html::renderTagAttributes()` when attribute is in `Html::DATA_ATTRIBUTES` or `Html::ATTRIBUTES_WITH_CONCATENATED_VALUES` (@es-sayers)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug #208: Fix output of `null` value attributes in `Html::renderTagAttributes()` (@es-sayers)
```
